Welcome to the second part of hair & fur
Create a sphere and scale them like a human face
Yes i know, a real model is a bit different but is an example
create a line with a considerable number of points
more points we add more is the possibility to manage after
center the pivot at the center of the Head
Copy the spline
We do it in more and more ways
Ops! I left pivot
More spline add much interesting have the effect
Click to attack (spline rollout)
Attach all spline in one
after, choose sub-object vertex
Delete , for example front spline (with vertex or segment sub-object)
Left only the upper part
Do it slowly, is very important for final result
Manage the Y value to move spline closer to surface
Manage spline to create a bit movement
After comb spline choose modificator hair & fur
Change "tip" color to blonde (yes is an example)
Black root and Yellow tip
Change hair count from 150 to 5000
and render it (only perpective view and camera)
Spline managing allows us to change any time we want
If we choose to bring them back we'll just move points
or scale them....
For example to raise a tuft
select segment and move them up
Is possible to do hair braids or any tipe of hairstyle
Next tyme we use it on a real model. Thank you!